# INTELLIDRONE API

> The **main repository** is hosted in [gitlab.com/intellidrone/api_new](https://gitlab.com/intellidrone/api_new) but it is automaticaly mirrored to [github.com](https://github.com/singletonsd/intellidrone-apis-latest.git) and to [gitlab.com/intellidrone/apis/latest](https://gitlab.com/singletonsd/intellidrone/apis/latest). If you are in the Github page it may occur that is not updated to the last version.

## BRANCHING MODEL

----------------------

* Default branch when pull is DEVELOP.
* Master branch is protected and it is not possible to push. Create a merge request instead.

## DEPLOYMENT

----------------------

* **MASTER BRANCH:** it creates a docker image with node with the tag intellidrone/api:latest and it applies node server in [webagro production server](http://web.robotagro.com/api/latest).
* **DEVELOP BRANCH:** it creates a docker image with node with the tag intellidrone/api:develop and it applies node server in [webagro development server](http://web.robotagro.com/api/development).

## PREPARE ASSETS

----------------------

There is a script called **init.service** which creates everything to start the api.
The parameters are:

* Stage (**d**evelopment or **p**roduction).
* Folder. It is where the assets are going to be created. The path is from the script folder.

To use it just run it as following:

```bash
./scripts/init_service.sh d deploy/qa
```

## UPLOAD TO PRODUCTION

----------------------

To upload code in production, you must have a gitlab user credentials and server public key in base64 format. Then, executes the following code:

```bash
./upload_to_node_server.sh production USER PASSWORD
```

To upload code in development, use the following:

```bash
./upload_to_node_server.sh development USER PASSWORD
```

## DOCKER IMAGES

----------------------

The image name is: **intellidrone/api**. Available TAGs:

* **latest:** from master branch.
* **develop:** from develop branch.

## DOCKER COMPOSE

----------------------

To use the api as a containerized service there is also a script called **run_docker_compose.sh**.
There is only one parameter:

* Stage (**d**evelopment or **p**roduction).

To use it just run it as following:

```bash
./scripts/init_service.sh d
```

The image has the following environments. You can overwrite them by adding an .env file:

* PORT_APP: default 3000.
* PORT_DB: default 27017.
* PORT_APP_DEBUG: default 9229.
* SWAGGER_HOST: url where the service will be available. Default localhost:${PORT}
* SWAGGER_BASE_PATH: path inside host. Default /api/
* DB_MAIN_CLIENT: db configuration for the main (and unique) db. Default docker
* DATABASE_FILE: where database credentials are stored. Default ./assets/database.json
* JWT_FILE: file with a key to encrypt password and tokens. Default ./assets/key.b64.pub
* APP_TOKENS_FILE: where app tokens are stored. Default ./app_tokens.json
* DATA_DB: where data is saved. Default ./data/db

If the development stage is selected, the app will be attach to a debugger listening on port 9229 and the source code in the host will be the same as in the container.

## API TOKENS

----------------------

In order to use the api, a token must be generated and add it to **app_tokens.json**. Use [this page](https://www.xorbin.com/tools/sha256-hash-calculator) to calculate the SHA-256 of the password. That file must be filled as:

```json
[
    {
        "name": "APP NAME",
        "token": "TOKEN GENERATED BY SHA-256",
        "password": "Phrase to be encrypted"
    },
    {
        "name": "APP NAME 2",
        "token": "TOKEN GENERATED BY SHA-256",
        "password": "Phrase to be encrypted"
    }
]
```

## DATABASE CONNECTIONS

----------------------

In order to connect the api with a database, there are 3 thing to consider:

1. A definition must me placed in **.env** file called *DB_MAIN_CLIENT*.
2. To use a database inside a docker container, place the definition *DATABASE_LOCAL=1* inside **.env** file.
3. A file called **database.json** must be created following the next prototype:

```json
{
    "MAIN_DB":{
        "development":{
            "client": "mongo",
            "connection": {
            "host"     : "127.0.0.1",
            "user"     : "root",
            "password" : "PassWord",
            "database" : "vacas",
            "charset"  : "utf8"
            }
        },
        "docker":{
            "client": "mongo",
            "connection": {
            "host"     : "database",
            "user"     : "root",
            "password" : "DockerPassWORD",
            "database" : "vacas",
            "charset"  : "utf8"
            }
        },
        "production":{
            "client": "mongo",
            "connection": {
            "host"     : "127.0.0.1",
            "user"     : "",
            "password" : "",
            "database" : "vacas",
            "charset"  : "utf8"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

----------------------
© [Singleton](http://singleton.com.ar), Argentina, 2018.